Recursion (#1)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-interlude: recursion/reading-recursive-code.md

## Recursion

In programming, a recursive function is a function that calls itself.

We can imagine a recursive function named `get_next_item`. When we call `get_next_item`, it will invoke itself, `get_next_item`. Of course, when _this_ function calls begins execution, it will also invoke itself.

Both iteration and recursion are programming techniques used to repeat logic and behavior. There are often iterative and recursive solutions to the same problem!

When would we choose to solve a problem with recursion? Once we're used to thinking about recursion, recursive algorithms may be more readable and understandable compared to iterative solutions.

## Anatomy of a Recursive Function

Functions that call itself, like the imaginary `get_next_item` function, will recurse an infinite number of times.

However, if a function calls itself an infinite number of times, when will we actually get an answer and solve our problem? Recursive functions are more helpful when they actually _do_ stop!

> In order to better read and debug recursive functions, let's dissect the anatomy of one.

Reviewer: I don't know why, but this bothers me. The anatomy of something somehow sounds just concrete enough, but just a little too abstract to be dissectible. Sort of the uncanny valley of dissection?
I'd go with inspect instead, but feel free to keep dissect for a bit of morbid interest.
```suggestion
In order to better read and debug recursive functions, let's inspect the anatomy of one.
```

### Base Cases are Stopping Conditions

Recursive algorithms will usually take in at least one argument. A recursive algorithm handles different situations based on the value of the argument. The algorithm should handle:

> - At least one _recursive case_
> - At least one _base case_

Reviewer: reverse these since usually we check for the base case first, then fall back to the recursive case
```suggestion
- At least one _base case_
- At least one _recursive case_
```

| Part           | Definition                                                            |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Recursive Case | A case or situation that depends on the solution of other cases       |
> | Base Case      | A case or situation where there is a solution without using recursion |

Reviewer: reverse these as above
```suggestion
| Base Case      | A case or situation where there is a solution without using recursion |
| Recursive Case | A case or situation that depends on the solution of other cases       |
```

> The responsibility of the _recursive case_ is to divide the problem into a smaller problem.
> 
> The responsibility of the _base case_ is to give a solid, immediate solution to the problem.

Reviewer: swap these as above
reword base case to reinforce that it solves a certain version of the problem
for recursive, prefer transform over divide since not all recursive solutions are divide and conquer, and emphasize that it should be heading for the base case
```suggestion
The responsibility of the _base case_ is to immediately answer a particular form of the problem.

The responsibility of the _recursive case_ is to transform the current problem into one that can be expressed as a "smaller" version of the same problem. Eventually it should reach a configuration that can be handled by the base case.
```

We can imagine that a recursive function will handle recursive cases by calling itself, until it reaches a base case. Most recursive functions will follow this pattern:

> 1. If some condition is met and we're handling the base case

Reviewer: this sounds like the condition and considering the base case are two different things, but the condition _is_ that it can be handled by the base case
```suggestion
1. If we are in a situation that the base case can handle
```

   - Solve using the base case's solution

> 1. Else
>    - Solve by recursively calling the same function with different input

Reviewer: Suggest this layout since we often handle the base base and bail (more like a guard clause), leaving the recursive case as the main function body outside any else
```suggestion
2. Otherwise solve by recursively calling the same function with "smaller" input
```

> The "different input" in the recursive call should be working towards bringing the problem to the base case.

Reviewer: I know "smaller" might not be entirely accurate, but I like that it gives the sense of closing in on something. Different might as well be a monte carlo approach.
```suggestion
The "smaller" input in the recursive call should be working towards bringing the problem to something that can be handled by the base case.
```

## Example: Exponentiation

> Read through this recursive function, `pow`, whose responsibility is to calculate [exponentiation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponentiation), otherwise known as `num`<sup>`exponent`</sup>. It takes in two arguments:

Reviewer: prefer power to pow (there is a standard function called pow)
show the params so that num and exponent have context
```suggestion
Read through this recursive function, `power(num, exponent)`, whose responsibility is to calculate [exponentiation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponentiation) of the form `num`<sup>`exponent`</sup>. It takes in two arguments:
```

1. `num`, which is the base number
1. `exponent`, which is the exponent

For example, 3<sup>5</sup>, where `3` is `num` and `5` is `exponent`, is expressed and calculated like this:

```
3 * 3 * 3 * 3 * 3
```

And 3<sup>6</sup> is expressed as:

```
3 * 3 * 3 * 3 * 3 * 3
```

> 

Reviewer: observe that even in the math, we can see a recursive relationship that lets us create the recursive function
```suggestion

Notice that 3<sup>6</sup> is equal to 3 ⋅ 3<sup>5</sup>, or more generally `num`<sup>`exponent`</sup>` == num * num`<sup>`(exponent - 1)`</sup>. We can express this relationship in the following recursive implementation.

```

Author: This is a little bookmark for us:

I'm not sure if this will hit the students as unapproachably math-y, or if it'll be like light breaking through the clouds. (for me, this specific line of thinking makes it very clear!)

excited to see how it plays out!!

```python

> def pow(num, exponent):
>     if exponent == 0:
>         return 1
> 
>     return num * pow(num, exponent - 1)

Reviewer: pow to power
```suggestion
def power(num, exponent):
    if exponent == 0:
        return 1

    return num * power(num, exponent - 1)
```

```

#### Base Case

In exponentiation, any number raised to the power of zero equals one.

```python
if exponent == 0:
    return 1
```

> This code snippet is the _base case_. Whenever `pow` is called **and** the argument `exponent` is `0`, then we return `1`. This base case gives us an immediate solution to the problem: `1`!

Reviewer: pow to power
I don't like when sentences ending with a number use exclamation points since they look like factorials.
```suggestion
This code snippet is the _base case_. Whenever `power` is called **and** the argument `exponent` is `0`, then we return `1`. This base case gives us an immediate solution to the problem: `1`.
```

Author: LOL. this would be the worst case to mistake as a factorial

#### Recursive Cases

```python

> return num * pow(num, exponent - 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
return num * power(num, exponent - 1)
```

```

> This code snippet handles the recursive cases. Recursive cases _call itself while making the problem smaller_. Recursive cases should move the problem closer and closer to the base case.

Reviewer: numerosity
```suggestion
This code snippet handles the recursive cases. A recursive case _calls itself while making the problem smaller_. Recursive cases should move the problem closer and closer to the base case.
```

> The problem gets smaller by calling `pow` with a smaller exponent. As the `exponent` shrinks, it will eventually equal `0`!

Reviewer: pow and bang
```suggestion
The problem gets smaller by calling `power` with a smaller exponent. As the `exponent` shrinks, it will eventually equal `0`.
```

> 

Reviewer: acknowledge this isn't a great power function, and use it as a challenge for understanding why.
```suggestion

### !callout-danger

## This Function Has Unhandled Edge Cases

In general, exponentiation allows non-integer, and negative exponents. Neither of these cases is handled in this implementation. Take a moment to consider why negative numbers and non-integer numbers will not produce the correct result.

<br />

<details>
    <summary>Hint</summary>

<br />

Will the value of `exponent` ever equal zero?

</details>

### !end-callout

```

> ### Running `pow`
> 
> How can we visualize the flow of code execution? Let's imagine the same `pow` function with several print statements, and then run it.

Reviewer: pow to power
we don't have to imagine, we're showing it
```suggestion
### Running `power`

How can we visualize the flow of code execution? Let's add some print statements to `power`, and then run it.
```

```python

> def pow(num, exponent):
>     print("Calling pow! num:", num, "exponent:", exponent)
>     if exponent == 0:
>         return 1
> 
>     return num * pow(num, exponent - 1)
> 
> 
> print(3, "raised to the power of", 5, "is", pow(3, 5))
> 
> print("-------------")
> 
> print(3, "raised to the power of", 6, "is", pow(3, 6))

Reviewer: pow to power
```suggestion
def power(num, exponent):
    print("Calling power! num:", num, "exponent:", exponent)
    if exponent == 0:
        return 1

    return num * power(num, exponent - 1)

print(3, "raised to the power of", 5, "is", power(3, 5))

print("-------------")

print(3, "raised to the power of", 6, "is", power(3, 6))
```

```

We should get the following output:

```

> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 5
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 4
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 3
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 2
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 1
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 0
> 3 raised to the power of 5 is 243
> -------------
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 6
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 5
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 4
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 3
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 2
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 1
> Calling pow! num: 3 exponent: 0

Reviewer: pow to power
```suggestion
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 5
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 4
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 3
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 2
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 1
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 0
3 raised to the power of 5 is 243
-------------
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 6
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 5
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 4
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 3
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 2
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 1
Calling power! num: 3 exponent: 0
```

3 raised to the power of 6 is 729
```

> We can confirm that the `pow` function was called multiple times. Each time, the problem was made smaller, and `exponent` decremented by one. Eventually, when `exponent` was `0`, it met the conditions for the base case, and returned `1`.

Reviewer: pow to power
voicing
```suggestion
We can confirm that the `power` function was called multiple times. Each time, the problem was made smaller, and `exponent` was decremented by one. Eventually, when `exponent` was `0`, it met the conditions for the base case, and returned `1`.
```

> 

Reviewer: follow the explanation through to some conclusion
```suggestion

The `1` was multiplied by `num` as each call returned: `1 * 3` returns `3`. `3 * 3` returns 9, and so on back through the calls, until `power(3, 5)` calculates `1 * 3 * 3 * 3 * 3 * 3`, or `243`. Similarly, `power(3, 6)` calculates `1 * 3 * 3 * 3 * 3 * 3 * 3`, or `729`.

```

## Infinite Recursion

A function that calls itself without working towards a base case will repeat infinitely.

```python
def infinite_recursion(n):
    return n + infinite_recursion(n)
```

> A function without a base case will never have a stopping point! Consider this code which has no base case:

Reviewer: emphasize the difference between modifying the argument and having a base case
```suggestion
Even if the function modifies its argument, if it doesn't have a base case it will never stop! Consider this code which decrements its argument but has no base case:
```

```python
def infinite_recursion(n):
    return n + infinite_recursion(n - 1)
```

> Executing both of these functions results in a `RecursionError`!

Reviewer: either one crashes, we don't need to run both to get a crash
call back to the original function in the lesson
name the thing causing the recursion error
pose questions to transfer to the next section
```suggestion
Executing either of these functions crashes with a `RecursionError`! This is the same behavior that we encountered with our `hello_crash` function.

A `RecursionError` is caused by a situation called a _stack overflow_.

What's a _stack_, and how does it _overflow_? Let's find out!
```

## Stacks and Function Calls

> A running program has a dedicated section of memory called **the system stack**.

Reviewer: system to call
```suggestion
A running program has a dedicated section of memory called the **call stack**.
```

> The system stack is where method calls and local variables are stored. It's responsible for keeping track of function calls.

Reviewer: tracking function calls is the overall responsibility, and the rest is details
added additional details and tossed in some side vocab (call site)
```suggestion
The main responsibility of the call stack is to keep track of function calls. It stores information about the argument values and local variables used in the function. It also records the location from where the current function was called (the _call site_), so that it can _return_ there when the function ends.
```

> The "stack" in "system stack" implies that it uses the _stack_ data structure. The system stack keeps track of function calls using a stack data structure.

Reviewer: system to call
remove redundancy
```suggestion
The "stack" in "call stack" implies that it uses a _stack_ data structure.
```

### Intro to the Stack Data Structure

How does a stack organize data? A stack organizes data like a stack of plates! When we add a plate to the stack of plates, we add it to the top. When we need a plate from the stack of plates, we remove it from the top.

When a stack adds a new piece of data, it goes on top. When a stack removes one piece of data, it pops off the top item.

### !callout-info

## Stacks Are LIFO

Stacks operate in a Last-In-First-Out (LIFO) manner. They remove things in the reverse order they were added.

### !end-callout

> 

Reviewer: explain how stack frames are stored on the stack to prepare the reader for the mystery ahead
mention places we've already encountered the call stack
```suggestion

### Stack Frames Are Stored on the Stack

Each time we call a function, some tracking information is set up and pushed onto the stack. This collection of information is called a _stack frame_, or sometimes an _activation record_.

The exact structure and content of the stack frame varies from language to language, but a representative description of a stack frame would include:

- function arguments
- function local variables
- return value
- return location (where the function was called from)

![A box representing the collection of data stored with a stack frame. Contains four smaller boxes labelled arguments, locals, return value, and return location](../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_stack-frame.png)  
_Fig. Basic structure of a stack frame_

A stack frame is _pushed_ onto the call stack each time we call a function, and it is _popped_ off the call stack when the function completes.

![A pink region labelled Call Stack contains two stack frame boxes. An ellipsis is below the bottom stack frame to indicate there may be additional frames below these.](../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_frames.png)  
_Fig. The top of a call stack with two visible stack frames. Additional frames exist below these, indicated by the ellipsis._

The top of the call stack represents where the program is currently running. The frames below the current frame provide the sequence of nested function calls that led to the program being in the current function.

### !callout-info

## We Use the Call Stack When Debugging

There are two main ways we use the call stack while debugging.

1. We can view the call stack directly in the debugger. When we stop at a breakpoint, the debugging panel labelled `Call Stack` shows the sequence of function calls that led to the program arriving at that breakpoint.
2. When our programs crash, we see the call stack printed to the terminal. It shows the sequence of nested function calls that led to the program crashing.

### !end-callout

The call stack can become very deep and complicated. But with practice, we can get used to looking through the call stack to help understand what our programs are doing!

```

## Tracing Recursive Functions and Illustrating the Stack

> Let's read more recursive functions and apply our new knowledge about the _system stack_ in order to visualize it. Consider the following function.

Reviewer: system to call
we only look at one function
```suggestion
Let's read another recursive function, and apply our new knowledge about the _call stack_ in order to visualize it. Consider the following function.
```

```python
def mystery(num):
    if num <= 1:
        return 1

>     return num * mystery(num-1)

Reviewer: consistent spacing around operator
```suggestion
    return num * mystery(num - 1)
```

```

What happens when we invoke the function when `num` is `5`?

```python
mystery(5)
```

> We can begin to illustrate the _system stack_. Because the system stack keeps track of function calls, we add in the function call `mystery(5)` onto the stack.

Reviewer: system to call
```suggestion
We can begin to illustrate the _call stack_. Because the call stack keeps track of function calls, we add the function call `mystery(5)` onto the stack.
```

> ![Diagram showing the system stack as a box. There is a box labeled "mystery(5)" inside the system stack.](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(5).png>)  
> _Fig. Diagram showing the system stack as a box. There is a box labeled "mystery(5)" inside the system stack._

Reviewer: I DIDN'T KNOW WE COULD WRAP THE PATH WITH <> TO INCLUDE PARENS!!!
in the alt text, it's recommended not to say this is an image/diagram. It's the alt of an img. Of course it's an image/diagram.
For the caption, only repeat the alt for ultra simple alts/captions. Otherwise, the alt text is way to specific for the caption (if the image is visible, that level of detail is unnecessary). It's more important to call out the overall take away.
Of note, readers using screen readers have access to both the alt and the caption (the caption is just text), so they should work in tandem.

The remaining alt text and captions will have similar suggestions.

```suggestion
![A box representing the call stack. There is a box labeled "mystery(5)" inside the call stack.](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(5).png>)  
_Fig. The top of the call stack after calling **`mystery(5)`**_
```

Author: Thanks for teaching me about the alt text stuff!!

I think my formatter included those lil `<>`-- I got lucky! But yes, good information :D

When `mystery(5)` executes, the base case is not met. It will call `mystery(4)`.

The function call `mystery(4)` is added to the _top_ of the stack.

> ![Diagram showing the system stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(4).png>)  
> _Fig. Diagram showing the system stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A box representing the call stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the call stack. The boxes are labeled from top-to-bottom: "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(4).png>)  
_Fig. The top of the call stack after calling **`mystery(4)`**_
```

Here, `num` is `4`, and the base case is still not met. This will call `mystery(3)`

We add `mystery(3)` to the top of the stack.

> ![Diagram showing the system stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(3).png>)  
> _Fig. Diagram showing the system stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A box representing the call stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the call stack. The boxes are labeled from top-to-bottom: "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(3).png>)  
_Fig. The top of the call stack after calling **`mystery(3)`**_
```

This calls `mystery(2)`. Calling `mystery(2)` gets pushed onto the stack.

> ![Diagram showing the system stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(2)", "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(2).png>)  
> _Fig. Diagram showing the system stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(2)", "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A box representing the call stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the call stack. The boxes are labeled from top-to-bottom: "mystery(2)", "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(2).png>)  
_Fig. The top of the call stack after calling **`mystery(2)`**_
```

The base case is still not met. The function calls `mystery(1)`, which gets pushed onto the stack.

> ![Diagram showing the system stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(1)", "mystery(2)", "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(1).png>)  
> _Fig. Diagram showing the system stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(1)", "mystery(2)", "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A box representing the call stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the call stack. The boxes are labeled from top-to-bottom: "mystery(1)", "mystery(2)", "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)"](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(1).png>)  
_Fig. The top of the call stack after calling **`mystery(1)`**_
```

At this point, `num` is `1`, which is our base case! The base case provides a solution and `return`s `1`.

> As the function finishes and `return`s, it's time on the system stack is over. The system stack pops off the top function call after executing `return 1`.

Reviewer: system to call
possessive
```suggestion
As the function finishes and `return`s, its time on the call stack is over. The call stack pops off the top function call after executing `return 1`.
```

> ![Diagram showing a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(1)", "mystery(2)", "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)". There is an arrow pointing from "mystery(1)" to "mystery(2)" labeled "Return 1"](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(1)-return.png>)  
> _Fig. Diagram showing a stack of boxes inside the system stack. The boxes are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "mystery(1)", "mystery(2)", "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)". There is an arrow pointing from "mystery(1)" to "mystery(2)" labeled "Return 1"_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A box representing the call stack. There is a stack of boxes inside the call stack. The boxes are labeled from top-to-bottom: "mystery(1)", "mystery(2)", "mystery(3)", "mystery(4)", "mystery(5)". All the stack frame boxes are cyan, except mystery(1) which is grey indicating this frame is popped. There is an arrow pointing from "mystery(1)" to "mystery(2)" labeled "1", representing the return value from mystery(1) to the call site in mystery(2).](<../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery(1)-return.png>)  
_Fig. When the base case is encountered, it returns its result back to the previous function call._
```

> The system stack returns to `mystery(2)`.
> 
> `mystery(2)` takes that return value (`1`), and executes `num * mystery(num-1)`, and then **returns it**. In this case, where `num` is `2`, it **returns** `2 * 1`, or `2`.
> 
> The function `mystery(2)` is popped off the system stack. The system stack returns to `mystery(3)` on the stack.

Reviewer: system to call
operator spacing
```suggestion
The call stack returns to `mystery(2)`.

`mystery(2)` takes that return value (`1`), and executes `num * mystery(num - 1)`, and then **returns this result**. In this case, where `num` is `2`, it **returns** `2 * 1`, or `2`.

The function `mystery(2)` is popped off the call stack. The call stack returns to `mystery(3)` on the stack.
```

We can summarize the remaining returns like so:

| Frame Executed | `num` | `num * mystery(num-1)` | Return value |
| -------------- | ----- | ---------------------- | ------------ |
| `mystery(3)`   | `3`   | `3 * 2`                | `6`          |
| `mystery(4)`   | `4`   | `4 * 6`                | `24`         |
| `mystery(5)`   | `5`   | `5 * 24`               | `120`        |

> ![Diagram showing a stack of "mystery()" function calls inside the system stack. There are arrows pointing from one function call to the function below. The arrows are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "Return 1", "Return 2", "Return 6", "Return 24". An arrow leading from "mystery(5)" to empty space below is labeled "Return 120"](../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery-result.png)  
> _Fig. Diagram showing a stack of "mystery()" function calls inside the system stack. There are arrows pointing from one function call to the function below. The arrows are labeled in this order, from top-to-bottom: "Return 1", "Return 2", "Return 6", "Return 24". An arrow leading from "mystery(5)" to empty space below is labeled "Return 120"_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A box representing the call stack showing a sequence of "mystery()" function calls inside the call stack. They are colored grey, indicating they have completed and have been popped off. There are circled numbers between each stack frame indicating the returned result. The order of popped frames and returned values is mystery(1)→1→mystery(2)→2→mystery(3)→6→mystery(4)→24→mystery(5)→120. 120 is the final value returned.](../assets/recursion_reading-recursion_mystery-result.png)  
_Fig. As each call completes, its result is returned to the next call in the stack, eventually producing 120._
```

> As a final result, we see that `mystery(5)` returns `120`!

Reviewer: avoid ! after number since it looks like factorial
```suggestion
As a final result, we see that `mystery(5)` returns `120`.
```

Illustrating the stack like this can help us visualize recursive calls.

> 

Reviewer: tie up the loose ends of stack overflows
```suggestion

## Infinite Recursion "Overflows" the Stack 

We see that every nested function call causes additional information to be pushed onto the stack. This means that every function call requires a small (but not zero!) amount of memory.

In our example, we also saw that the stack frames for earlier calls (e.g. `mystery(5)`) cannot be released until the later calls complete (e.g. `mystery(1)`). So as we nest function calls deeper and deeper, more and more memory is used.

There is a finite amount of memory in our machines, so systems place a limit on how large the call stack is allowed to grow. Eventually, if we keep making nested function calls, we will exceed this limit, and the call stack "overflows" its bounds. This is why the `hello_crash` and `infinite_recursion` functions result in a `RecursionError`.

Base cases are extremely important!

```
